What's the matter? Is there anything wrong with this case?
Not really.
I just heard the elders in the family talk about me recently.
Coincidentally not
Then Brother Zhou said in detail
It is said that they were the family who lived in the world back then
Selling weapons to the grasslands outside the river without permission
Afterwards, he was noticed by Sun Li Sun, Minister of Defense of the DPRK
Reported to the Emperor
Emperor Longyan is furious
He ordered the annihilation of the family of the world
Selling weapons privately
Isn't that Zidi?
By the way, I also heard
This family is not dead
Another girl survived
That's age
It should be similar to you and me.
Does Zhou Xiong know what the girl's name is?
I really remember
But I have to think about it now.
I forgot what it was called now
Oh, that's right.
It seems to be called Chu Shuhan
Ah what
You and I are close
I have ordered a doll since I was a child, dear.
It's just that my house is in the middle of the road.
That's why the contact was broken.
Uncle Qin also knows about this
If you don't believe me, you can ask him.
I said what's wrong
Second uncle forefoot preview
He climbs on his hind feet
The relationship is really solid
Second uncle can't help him verify his identity?
No wonder no wonder
The Emperor asked me to thoroughly investigate the case of sleeping yin
He didn't say that the suspect behind the scenes was the Sun family
How could he know?
We've all been misled.
Damn, what else is missing?
Oh, right.
I remember Qin Mo saying
It was the second uncle who went to the Chu family to raid the house
Could it be that his target is our Qin family?
Oh, right.
In the afternoon, I will go shopping with Qin Yue.
Do you want to be together
No, Xiaoyu is in danger